add dbt_host_prefix (#8808)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/setup-local-mcp.md

| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DBT_HOST`               | Required                               | Your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> [instance hostname](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses). **Important:** For multi-cell accounts, exclude the account prefix from the hostname and set it in `DBT_HOST_PREFIX` instead. The default is `cloud.getdbt.com`.                                                                                    |

> | `DBT_HOST_PREFIX` | Only required for multi-cell instances | Your account prefix (for example, `abc123` from `abc123.us1.dbt.com`). Don't include this in `DBT_HOST`. If you're not using a multi-cell account, don't set this value. You can learn more about regions and hosting [here](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses).                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DBT_HOST_PREFIX` | Only required for multi-cell instances | Your account prefix (for example, `abc123` from `abc123.us1.dbt.com`). Don't include this in `DBT_HOST`. If you're not using a multi-cell account, don't set this value. To learn more refer to [Access, Regions, & IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses).                                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Just amended so that the link is a descriptive link text.

I had a question about the word "Important" in the table - following the style guide, should this be italicised (as it's not a UI element)?
